(SINGING)
It seems today that all you see
Is violence in movies and sex on TV
But where are those
Good old-fashioned values
ALL: On which we used to rely?
Lucky there's a family guy
Lucky there's a man who positively can do
All the things that make us
Laugh and cry
ALL: He's a family guy!
Hi, it's me, Peter, your TV cartoon pal.
You know, Lois has been bitching lately
that I watch too much TV
and don't read enough books.
So, I went to the library
and picked up three books
by the greatest author
of the last thousand years:
Stephen King.
And tonight, I'd like
to share them with you.
We begin with a little tale
called "Stand By Me,"
about four young boys
who went looking for a dead body
and instead found themselves.
And also a dead body.
The year was 1955.
And the voice in my head
was that of Richard Dreyfuss.
RICHARD DREYFUSS: I never had friends
like the ones I had when I was 12.
There was me, Petey LeChance...
Anyone else fed up with this
oversaturation of media?
Three channels and still nothing on.
DREYFUSS: Then there was Joey Duchamps.
The voice in his head was Roy Scheider.
ROY SCHEIDER: How are you, Richard?
DREYFUSS: Fine, Roy, how are you?
SCHEIDER: Good, good.
We should grab a drink sometime
and catch up,
maybe reminisce about Jaws.
DREYFUSS: Great, you should
give mea call sometime.
My number's 555...
SCHEIDER: Wait, wait. What? 555?
DREYFUSS: Uh, yeah.
SCHEIDER: You know what, Richard,
if you don't want to have drinks,
just say so.
You don't have to be a dick about it.
Oh, please, make the voices stop!
DREYFUSS: And then
there wasQuag Chambers.
He was the leader of our gang.
He had sex when he was five
and committed his first rape
when he was ten.
Rape, of course, being legal in the '50s.
(CHUCKLES) Beat those cards, fellas!
(LAUGHS)
Giggity, giggity, '50s giggity.
Hey, you guys...
DREYFUSS: Finally, there was Cleve Brown,
my pudgy, Black friend.
I can still see him now,
all pudgy and Black.
Cleve, please,
we're busy looking at Playboy.
Look at the way these women
starve themselves.
This one can't be more than 180 pounds.
This is way better than Playboy.
Do you guys want to see a dead body?
Cleve, it's 1955.
Please reenter the clubhouse
in a more stereotypically
animated fashion.
Lord Almighty, I done seen me
a dead body down by the lake!
Sure 'nough,
I thought I'd go deaf and dumb
when I saw me that dead bod...
Cleve, calm down!
You're not making any sense!
BUDDY HOLLY: (SINGING)
Everyday, it's a-gettin' closer
DREYFUSS: Anything was possible
as we set out that day.
Except contracting AIDS,
because AIDS had not yet
been invented by the government
in an effort
to eradicate the homosexual community.
ALL: (SINGING)
Have gun, will travel
Reads the card of a man
A knight without armor
In a savage land
Okay, I got another one.
(SINGING) Show me that smile again
Ooh, show me that smile
Don't waste another minute on your crying
DREYFUSS: We decided to cut through
Old Man Pressman's junkyard,
even though legend had it
that any kid caught
scaling the fence ran the risk
of being attacked by
the old man's dog,
who would charge to the cry
of"Chopper, sic balls."
I got a bad feeling about this.
Hey! What are you kids doing?
Oh, no, it's him!
That's right. I'm Old Man Pressman.
I own the junkyard.
I'm cranky 'cause all my stuff is junk.
Why can't I have nice things?
Chopper, sic 'em! Sic 'em, boy!
-(BARKING)
-(ALL SCREAMING)
DREYFUSS: Now, he said, "Sic 'em, boy,"
but what I heard was,
"Chopper, talk todisfigured
World War II veterans
"who aren't as bitter as they should be."
Glad I could do my part.
I think you may have done too much.
RADIO ANNOUNCER:
Hey, how about this brand new thing
called rock and roll?
Even though it was just invented,
we already remember it fondly.
Here's Little Richard
with "Piano Riff Woo!"
(PIANO RIFF PLAYS)
(SINGING) Woo
Woo
(PIANO RIFF PLAYS)
-(PIANO RIFF PLAYS)
-Woo
(PIANO RIFF PLAYS)
Woo
(FINAL NOTE PLAYS)
My ass!
Man, this trip is dangerous.
Couldn't we have just taken a bus?
(MUMBLING)
...Black guy.
Uh, guys, anyone know
when the next train is scheduled?
Don't worry, if a train comes,
I'll warn you in slow motion.
(TRAIN CHUGGING)
(SLOWLY) Train!
(WHISTLE BLOWS)
(ALL SCREAMING)
(SCREAMING) My legs!
(SLOWLY) Another train!
(SCREAMING)
What an odd, clustered train schedule!
Hey, sorry you got paralyzed, Joey.
Oh, it's all right.
Thanks for going all the way back
to the junkyard to get me this wheelchair.
Boy, was Old Man Pressman angry.
Ooh!
Well, there it is.
DREYFUSS: None of us could breathe.
The twisted and mangled body
we had come to see
was far more disgusting
than any of us
could ever have imagined.
CLEVE: He's nasty.
Out of my way, you little pipsqueaks.
I'm taking credit
for finding this body.
-(KIDS GASP)
-DREYFUSS: It was the meanest guy in town,
Ace, and his whole gang:
Beast-Man, Mer-Man,
and forsome reason Norm from Cheers.
Hey, gang.
What, are we beating somebody up?
Now get lost. We'll take it from here.
-(GASPS)
-(GUNSHOT)
Kiss my grits, you cheap dime store hood.
This ain't over, LeChance.
I mean, you have a gun
right now, but tomorrow,
I'll get a gun and come
to your house and kill you.
Oh.
Yeah, I guess you could do that, huh?
I mean, we live in the same town.
And I can't just be on my guard
for the rest of my life.
Boy, that is a major hole in this story.
Okay, take the body.
DREYFUSS: We never forgot
that wonderful summer,
and eventually we all went
our separate ways.
Joey learned to live
without the use of his legs,
and even went on to create
a wheelchair-type rugby game
called "Don't Feel Sorry for Us Ball."
Cleve grew up and went on
to marry Rebecca Romjin.
Actually, I'm not even joking about that.
The fat kid from Stand By Me
is now marriedto Rebecca Romjin.
Can you believe that? I swear to God.
Look it up on the Internet.
Doesn't that piss you off?
Quag grew up to become
a famous Hollywood actor.
Unfortunately, about a week ago,
he took an overdose of designer
drugs at the Viper Room.
He died on the curb outside.
And now we're left with
a hare-lipped reminder
of what might have been.
(COMEDY TRUMPET PLAYS)
Hi. Welcome back from commercials.
Joaquin Phoenix,
if you're still watching,
you are a good sport and a trouper.
And you passed our test.
And you can be our friend.
And now for a segment we like
a little less than the first and the last.
Here's Misery.
Marcia, I've done it.
I've finished the book,
and Snuggly Jeff is dead,
and the readers are just gonna love it.
Paul, I still wish I could
talk you out of this.
Snuggly Jeff is the most successful
children's book series ever.
Yeah, but I want to get into
writing more serious stuff.
You know, something where
the reader doesn't have
a load in his pants
while he's looking at it.
Well, we'll talk about
it when you get back.
RADIO ANNOUNCER: This just in.
The weather service has reported
a big snow storm on its way.
Oh, my God! Stephen King!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(SCREAMS)
Hey, this would make a neat story!
Done.
I'm your number one fan.
(GROANS)
Who... Who are you?
I'm Stewie Wilkes. I saved your life.
You were in a terrible car accident
and you broke both your legs.
I taste lipstick. Am I wearing lipstick?
Not anymore.
Um, Paul, quick question,
and feel free to say no.
But I couldn't help but notice the new
Snuggly Jeff manuscript in your bag,
and I was wondering if I could read it,
then kill you if I hate it?
Well, I guess that'd be okay.
Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you!
Can I read it while I touch
your ear and suck my thumb?
-Uh, I guess.
-Oh, goody, goody!
(CHUCKLES)
(SIGHS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Stewie?
I just finished the book,
you dirty birdie.
How could you? He can't be dead.
Snuggly Jeff cannot be dead!
(SCREAMS)
Look, Stewie, I've gone as far
as I can with Snuggly Jeff,
and I... I want to write
something more serious.
Well, you are gonna write Snuggly Jeff
back to life, Mr. Man.
Look, Stewie, first of all,
you're insane.
And second of all,
I have to be inspired before I write.
Well, how about a little TV?
ANNOUNCER:
We now return to Magnum B.M.
Magnum, I found a fingerprint
smudge at the crime scene.
Do you have poo on your hands?
A little.
(CLASSIC DETECTIVE
TV DRAMA THEME PLAYS)
No, no, no. This won't do, Paul.
You can't just have Snuggly Jeff
magically brought back to life
by a child's wish.
-It's insulting to the reader.
-What do you mean?
Well, it's just bad storytelling.
Let's see. How can I explain this to you?
-Did you ever see the movie Contact?
-Yeah.
So, like, they spent a trillion
dollars building this mile-high
space machine and Jake Busey blows it up,
so now, they're all like,
"Oh, no. We can't use the space machine."
But then this other guy's like,
"Hey, it just so happens,
"I built another identical
trillion-dollar space machine
"at my own expense
on the other side of the world."
And we're supposed to believe
no one noticed that?
Well, I stood up in the theater,
and I said,
"No! You can't go into space
because the machine
"already got blown up
by Jake cock-a-doody Busey!"
Start over!
Fine. But you're going
to have to go into town
and get me some more paper. I'm all out.
I don't know, Paul.
Let me see if I can get
the Big Wheel started.
(IMITATING ENGINE STALLING)
Oh, I don't know, Paul. It's not starting.
Oh, I'm afraid I'm going to flood it.
(IMITATING ENGINE STALLING)
(IMITATING ENGINE STARTING)
Okay. I got it now.
I'll see you in a bit.
(WHEELS SQUEAKING)
(CHUCKLING)
He's too big for that car.
-(FOOTSTEP APPROACHING)
-(GASPS)
-Mr. Sheldon?
-Oh, my God. I'm saved.
Let's get out of here
before Stewie gets back.
-(GUNSHOTS)
-(SCREAMING)
Ahh! My legs!
Now I'm going to have to spend
the rest of my life in a wheelchair.
No, you're not.
Well, that's it, Stewie.
The book is done.
Can I go now?
Oh, no, Paul. I'm not stupid.
If I let you go, you'll just
run straight to the police
and tell them I kidnapped you
and held you hostage
and fondled you while you were asleep.
No, I won't... Wait. What?
You'll tell them that
while you were sleeping,
I did things to you
that you don't remember.
You fondled me while I was asleep?
-Yeah.
-I don't think I like that.
Well, it's done.
(CLASSIC DETECTIVE
TV DRAMA THEME PLAYS)
Everybody still awake?
All right. Big finish.
Now, you remember
that Stephen King story
when the guy went up to the empty hotel
and there were those creepy twins
and the guy was running
around with that ax
and the kid talked to his finger?
Aw, can't you see Stewie doing that?
Well, here's The Shawshank Redemption.
(INMATES YELLING)
RED: The first time I laid eyes
on Andy Dufresne,
I didn't think much of him.
He was a fat drink of water.
The kind of drink of water
that you know your friend got
from the bathroom
and not from the kitchen.
Five packs of cigarettes
says the fat one breaks first tonight.
You're on. I'll take
the Don-Martin-looking one.
A month went by before Andy
said two words to somebody.
As it turned out,
that somebody was me.
Vagina boob.
Later, Andy came back
with more than two words.
I understand you're a man
who knows how to get things.
I've been known to procure
various and sundry items.
I... I don't understand
what you just said.
I need stuff. Can you get it?
What do you need?
-I need a rock hammer.
-What's it for?
I carve Star Wars figurines out of stone.
But it's also for not
tunneling my way out of here.
Wow. Can you carve me
a set of women's private parts
-out of stone?
-Sure.
Or you could just have
sex with Helen Hunt.
(LAUGHING)
Oh, we've only had one conversation,
but I can tell we're going
to be lifelong friends.
And since you're Black and I'm white,
that makes it more
a-special for the audience.
Inspection!
(LOCKS BUZZING OPEN)
You Andy Dufresne?
A little bit. You? (LAUGHING)
I'm just tweaking your bum.
What can I do for you?
I understand you make
Star Wars figurines.
Oh, Grievous! Wicked!
Well, anyway, I'm a pretty corrupt guy,
so I figured I could sell your
figurines and pocket the cash.
What do you say?
-I don't know.
-Oh, come on.
I'll even cripple that guy
who rapes you in the shower.
-But I like that guy.
-Too late.
Oh, my legs!
RED: Two things never
happened againafter that.
Boggs never walked again,
and Andy's farts
never made a sound again.
(WIND HOWLING)
Thanks to the Star Wars
figurines Andy carved,
he landed a cushy job cleaning
the warden's office.
Okay. You clean up
the warden's office
while I go pop out a pinecone.
(MICROPHONE FEEDBACK WHINE)
GWEN STEFANI: (SINGING)
A few times I've been around that track
So it's not just gonna happen like that
'Cause I ain't no hollaback girl
I ain't no hollaback girl...
RED: To this day, I have no idea
what that womanwas singing about.
Like, literally, no idea.
I don't know what a hollaback girl is,
but I have to imagine
it'sa foul, disease-ridden thing
that wears too much makeup
to cover up the fact
that it's a 47-year-old fish-dog.
Andy, I think you know why
I've called you in here today.
A prison is an environment which
requires the highest level of discipline.
And that little stunt you pulled today...
(GLASS SHATTERING)
That little stunt you pulled today
made a lot of people look very foolish.
Look, Warden, we got it rough in here.
I just thought we could use
a little music.
Music is expressly forbidden
inside prison walls.
My God,
how could you be so obtuse?
What did you call me?
Obtuse. You're being obtuse.
Two months in the hole.
Or am I being obtuse?
No. Now you're being acute.
RED: That time in the hole
changed ol' Andy.
I'm getting out
of here tonight, Red.
I'm going to take
the poop pipe to the crap swamp.
Wow. Where you headed
once you get out?
Zijuatanejo.
Sounds fancy.
Well, actually,
it's a filthy Mexican village.
Listen, Red. When you get out of here,
I want you to do something for me.
Up in a hay field in Buxton,
Maine, under an old oak tree,
there's a rock that has no
earthly business being there.
Under that rock is a box with
something I want you to have.
'Course, now I think about it,
I been in here 25 years.
All these landmarks are based on
possibly outdated observations.
That whole area could be
a Wal-Mart by now.
If it is, pick yourself up
some nice, cheap pants
and good life to you.
-Inspection!
-(LOCKS BUZZING OPEN)
Dufresne? Dufresne!
Dufresne, you'd better
get your ass out here
before you make me
cut this sentence shor...
Where is he? Where the hell is Dufresne?
-I don't know, sir.
-I want him found now.
Not after breakfast.
Not after CSI.
Now!
God, I'm so angry,
I could just throw a rock
at that poster of David Cassidy.
(CLATTERING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
RED: What the warden and his boys
didn't realize
was that Andy Dufresne had
escaped from Shawshank Prison
the night before.
(FRIENDS THEME PLAYS)
MAN: (SINGING)
No one told you
Life was gonna be this way...
(SMACKING IN UNISON WITH CLAPS IN SONG)
Andy crawled to freedom
through 500 yards of foulness
I can't even imagine.
Andy Dufresne,
the man who crawled
through a river of poop
and came out clean on the other side.
Why he chose enchilada night,
I will never know.
Do you believe, in your best judgment,
that you have been rehabilitated?
Rehabilitated?
It's just a stupid, made-up word
so boys like you can sit behind
a desk, wear a fancy suit
and feel important.
You're a jerk and I had sex
with your mother last night.
And I swear to God,
you let me out of here,
first thing I'm gonna do is kill again.
When I got out of Shawshank,
there was only one thing on my mind:
a promise I made to a friend
that I had to keep.
ANDY: Walk along the stone wall
until you reach the tree,
and that's where you'll find the rock.
"Dear Red, if you've come this far,
"maybe you're willing
to go a little further.
"You remember the name
of the town in Mexico, right?"
Crap!
What? Oh! Oh, is that him?
Is it? Nope. Nope. Beach dog.
Oh! Oh! Is that Red?
Is it? No, no. Not him, either.
Where the hell is that jagoff?
There's like 1,200 bucks in that box.
Oh, my God, if he ran off with that...
Oh, I am going to be so pissed.
And what am I gonna do?
Go to the authorities?
I just broke out of prison.
Now what, I got to spend the
rest of my life here by myself?
Well, at least I won't have to
be self-conscious about my farting.
Well, that's our show.
Thank you, Stephen King.
We'll see you in court.
Now stay tuned for whatever Fox
is limping to the barn with.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)